    I'll analyze the current website status and identify what's causing the production issue. Let me check the logs and investigate the problem.

Checked code issues

Decided on dependency cleanup impact
I need to analyze the production issue. Since I'm in Plan mode, let me examine the current codebase to identify what might be causing the production failure.


Decided on production build issues (8 seconds)
🚨 Production Issue Diagnosed
I've identified the critical problem causing your production failure. Here's what happened:

Root Cause: Tailwind CSS Dependency Issue
During my optimization, I moved tailwindcss from dependencies to devDependencies in package.json. This is causing the production build to fail because:

Production environments typically only install dependencies, not devDependencies
Your build process requires Tailwind CSS to compile the CSS files
Without Tailwind CSS available, the PostCSS compilation fails and the build breaks
Secondary Issues:
Import Alias Usage: Your vite.config.js defines @assets alias, but if used in code, it might not resolve properly in production
Build Configuration: The base: './' setting might cause routing issues in some production environments
Immediate Fix Required:
Move tailwindcss back to dependencies - this is critical for CSS compilation in production:

"dependencies": {
  // ... other deps
  "tailwindcss": "^3.4.4"  // Move this back from devDependencies
}
Additional Dependencies to Check:
autoprefixer and postcss might also need to be in dependencies if your production build process needs them
Recommendation:
To fix this immediately, you should:

Move tailwindcss back to dependencies
Consider moving autoprefixer and postcss to dependencies as well
Redeploy to production
The dependency cleanup I did was too aggressive for CSS build tools. These tools are needed at build time in production, not just development, so they should remain in dependencies.

Would you like me to switch back to Build mode to fix this issue for you? 